



Over the course of my second day at Grand Circus, a lot of information was covered and I felt myself becoming acclimated more and more into the Bootcamp, 
as well as my level of comfort with the overall material becoming stronger. The most important skill that I learned and put to good use for Lab 3, was 
how to stylize my CSS to make for more structured and organized coding. Prior to this lab, I had mistakenly made my HTML and CSS documents, one and the same.
Another of the most valuable skills that I learned over Day 2, was that it truly is alright to ask questions when you are feeling stuck or not fully grasping
something. Sometimes when one is introduced to a new learning enviornment, one feels uncomfortable or nervous asking questions... I am feeling more and more 
comfortable with asking questions and admitting when something is tripping me up. Over the course of day 2, we revisited some concepts that I had been familiar
with, which was valuable, because it not only reaffirmed what I had already known, but I was also able to gain a better understanding of certain concepts. Having
been familiar with things such as Padding, Margin, Float, and Clear, for example, it was very handy to learn that when adding a Float to something, one must always
apply a width to it, otherwise the results of your Float may become unpredictable. Another example, is the order in which values are added to each side of Margin or
Padding - Top is first, Right follows, Bottom is next, and Left is the last one. Though I reaffirmed a lot of things that I'd had some knowledge of, on Day 2, 
I learned plenty of things that I was previously unfamiliar with, such as Media Queries. Lab 3 was primarily meant to help us understand Media Queries better, which 
allow you to adjust the content of your website to better fit various screen resolutions, so that your mobile site can look as clean and function as well as your 
Desktop version of the site. I found that the group exercise that we did in class for Media Queries, made it much easier to understand overall and made me feel as 
though I was getting to know, and becoming more comfortable with, my classmates and instructors. I am enjoying this Bootcamp immensely, and I am very excited to 
continue learning and growing as a developer.